G15 Authenticator
=================

G15 Authenticator is a fully functional Battle.net Mobile Authenticator that
displays your current Authentication Code in real time on your Logitech G15
keyboard. This allows you to keep your Battle.net account secure whilst
not depending on an external accessory or device to do it for you.

How to Use
----------

_Coming Soon! *No, it is not ready for common use.*_

Also, if you manage to figure out how to operate it, _make sure to back up your
secret key_ somewhere that isn't your local computer but *secure*. If you don't
keep it, you won't be able to generate codes to remove the authenticator in the
future. If you end up losing the secret key, *you will have to contact Blizzard
support to have the authenticator removed* and because this is *third party
software* they probably won't be able to provide support for you.

It is, however, not against any policies for using your account to use third
party authenticators.

You can read more about the Blizzard Mobile Authenticator at the Blizzard
Support website.

How to Compile
--------------

Obviously, you need Eclipse IDE and a Java Runtime Environment. After exporting
the project to a Runnable Jar, run this:

    start javaw -jar *jarname*.jar secret-key time-difference

Right now the only way to generate the secret key and time difference arguments
is to use the authenticator.jar in a similar manner, passing the argument
GENERATE to it.

Liability
---------

*_USE AT YOUR OWN RISK_*

If your account gets compromised or you are banned because you used this tool,
it is not my fault. The source code is open to the public for a reason. _Please_
only download the tool at:

    http://g15auth.github.com

